it's a brilliant looking phone but more
than that what really surprised us
pleasantly is the weight of the phone
it's almost fed of it it's very very
light yeah and despite of being a
removable back cover you cannot remove
the battery just like the motorola CEO
i'm gonna show that to you just in a bit
you see very very glossy front it would
attract lot of finger prints and greases
but then the back side is a very nice
you know Matt hello Selma kind of a
feeling it is the white one you also get
the black one I like the white one move
because it gives a very chalk white kind
of an impression very very nice and
looks very premium your 5 inch screen
there on top you have your your piece
and then the front camera below you can
see all the hot keys and stuff and then
pretty much nothing here except the
whole to open the back flap then you
have your mouthpiece and a micro USB 2
dot 0 port here you have the mat leak
volume rocker and the power button they
give amazing feedback but this one
negative thing about this phone that
we've found in some other phones as well
likes on the HTC One for example because
it has a curved back so you know it kind
of gets a little difficult pressing this
because the side is not exactly flat is
kind of tilting towards upside so you
cannot press it like this you have to
actually girl and on your finger here
and then press you which is not very
difficult in quickly get used to it but
just something to take note of you've
coming from another phone which is a
pretty flat back and it's it's very
slight tilt but then it is there on top
you have a secondary noise cancelling
mic and then your 3.5 mm jack behind you
have the via camera 8mp camera and then
your LED flash the asus branding reishi
intel inside them phone and then your
speaker grills you can open the back
flap of the phone here very easily and
the back flap you would see is quite a
rugged and then inside it houses the non
removable 2110 mah battery acs because
we live very thin net and then your are
two micro SD card slots plus the my car
to micro sim slot so it and the micro SD
card slot here for seems that sits will
stand by so that's about it now the
phone has a very nice mixture of plastic
high quality plastic glass and then
metal at places like for example this
below part and then your buttons here
which actually gives the phone that
glass and I like the design and build
quality of this phone much better than
many of the forms at this price point I
even like this better than the Moto G so
it's good it probably is the best
looking phone are at this price point
you